2) After conversing with alice i think i have a basic understanding of how she works. 
Personally I think that the bot is able to interpret what is being said to it by cutting up the sentence into
its corresponding parts. For example, sentences that are correct according to the rules of grammer must have
a subject and a verb. It is my assumption that alice can parse what we say to her, grab the verb and subject, and 
then infer the meaning of our question or statement from a table that will then give alice the appropriate response.
This means that alice needs methods to both parse the sentences we feed it and a method to look up the appropriate
response. I also think that alice can recognize key phrases that are commonly used without the verb or the subject.
For example saying Hello, which has an implied subject is recognized and responded to correctly. In this way alice can 
respond to slang such as idk.

3) After conversing with alice in a long string of nonsensical statements I also believe that alice is unable to recognize
or respond to certain moder slang. For eample, multiple times in our conversations I used the phrase yolo.
Without fail alice would always attempt to change the subject in an attempt to bring the conversation back
to something that would warrant a response she could recognize. If the developers of alice could somehow find logs of 
conversations from aol or text conversations from a mobile provider perhaps she could be taught to recognize these 
uses of slang and respond in kind.

4) To my level of understanding and experience i do believe that computers can only do what their programmers can tell them.
I do not however believe that this means that they are not intelligent. We as human beings cannot become intelligent without
first going to school or teaching ourselves one concept or another. Either way we first need to acquire the information before we can
learn it. In the same way computers must be provided information and instructions before it can apply it.

5) student pop. at IU is 46,817 (forbes.com profile on IU)
   54% of americans (over the age of 18) drink coffee everyday (statisticbrain.com)
   34% of those who drink coffee everyday go to a premium place like starbucks (statisticbrain.com)
   There are 2 starbucks on campus (that i am aware of)
   
	54% of student pop. drink coffee every day (.54 * 46,817 = 25,281 (rounded))
	34% of those students would go to starbucks (25,281 * .34 = 8,595(rounded))
	if that number is equally divided between the two locations (8,595/2 = 4297)
	
	(with assumptions) around 4297 cups a day
	
	If an AI system was to calculate on its own the number of starbuck sold in the IMU each day
	it would need to be able to search for key words and tables such as what percentage of people drink starbucks
	and then know to apply that to the student population. Assuming it cannot find an actual number for the answer it
	would need to know what information was relevant as well as how to apply that mathematically to come out with an 
	acceptable number.